hey tennis fans I'm grace Carter welcome
to your tennis now news update well in
the spirit of extending Valentine's Day
weekend we're celebrating Tennessee's
love matches these are Tennessee's top
five hottest couples who haven't yet
taken the trip down the aisle and we are
rooting for them by the way
number five Andy Murray and Kim Sears a
couple that plays together stays
together nearly a decade after they met
27 year old Murray will Wed longtime
fiance Kim Sears on April 11th in a
private ceremony at the kromm luxe House
Hotel which by the way he owns near his
native Dunblane Scotland the five-star
hotel is where his brother Jaime got
married back in 2010 Andy was the best
man Kim has long been Andy's biggest
supporter you may recall she was a bit
feisty when she shouted a few choice
words during Andy's match against Tomas
Berdych at the Australian Open
semi-final last month the number for
couple on our list
Italians Flavia Pennetta and Fabio
Fognini who've been dating since last
year they first showed some strong
chemistry playing mixed doubles together
at the Hopman Cup the pair solidified
their status as one of Tennessee's most
photogenic couples walking during a
romantic trip to the beach last month
number 3 Tomas Berdych and ester
sakharova Tomas aced his engagement to
longtime girlfriend ester with a
romantic beachside proposal and feed to
the nighttime
and table so he was really well prepared
and I was really it was amazing feeling
during the visit to Melbourne Botanical
Gardens last month Berdych admitted he
popped the question
during the couple's recent holiday
you know beaches and stuff like that our
holiday is a little bit even more
special just get engaged there number
two Rafa Nadal and Maria Peraino these
two grew up together by the sea in their
native Majorca and have grown into a
gorgeous couple
Maria is known to tennis fans by her
nickname sisse the too often relax after
tournament trips enjoying each other's
company on the water fans have been
rooting for the longtime sweethearts to
make it official but Rafa has suggested
in the past that he's not going to get
married until his playing days are done
and our top honours go to Maria
Sharapova and Grigor Dimitrov the world
number 2 and her Bulgarian boyfriend
sent fans into a frenzy after rumors of
their engagement hit Twitter but neither
has confirmed or denied those engagement
reports yet gregor took the personal
touch making some Valentine's Day treats
for his sweetie
Maria seemed to reference the cookie
celebration in her Twitter post in fact
several stars took to Twitter to share
their Valentine's Day wishes Victoria
Azarenka struck a pose with a rose
Wimbledon champion petra kvitová put a
heart on a plate Caroline Wozniacki
delivered the Valentine's Day treats
with a surprise in store appearance for
Godiva in New York City but garbine
muguruza warned cupid to stay away while
Lucie Safarova reminded us all to savor
the essentials in life Flavia Pennetta
and Fabio Fognini shared the love with
this romantic sunset shot
well dancing days are here again for
often a doll and David Ferrer heavy rain
did not dampen the spirits of the
Spaniards who danced their way through
one of the most festive parties in the
world at the Rio Carnival talked about
pumping up the party imagine running
into David and Rafa as some lucky fans
the Spanish pair danced the Samba in
what Rafa called an unforgettable
experience that was a record-setting
dancing day for David by the way he says
he has never danced that much in his
life defending Rio champion or office
says the energy from the crowd was
contagious and that it was a fantastic
day well looks like the king has company
after Kei Nishikori rocked Memphis with
a historic title performance K beat
Kevin Anderson to become the first man
to win three consecutive Memphis Open
titles it's the world number fives
eighth career title and he/she curry
turned it up after that title rather
than the traditional trophy he got a
custom-made Gibson guitar for his Triple
Crown in Elvis's hometown now he says he
may have to start taking some guitar
lessons
the Memphis double champs weren't
wasting any time rocking their title
trophies a legend makes the list of our
top shots this week kim chi stirs is
serving his Antwerp tournament director
these days but the former number one
still knows how to make some magic on
the court
check out Kim nearly send Xavier Malisse
into the photo pit during this amazing
sharp angled exchange in a mixed doubles
exhibition novak djokovic says he thinks
the Dubai tournament should be expanded
and elevated to a Masters 1000 event no
lei says a lot of the top players agree
because it is such a strong event the
world number one knows a little about
flying high in Dubai you may remember
last year when no lay in coach Boris
Becker were soaring inside this wind
tunnel the wind tunnel is powered by
four huge turbine engines and can reach
top speeds of over 320
as an hour it was clear that the world
number two was absolutely loving his
time in the tunnel it's definitely you
know adrenaline rush and very cool
that's all for today's tennis now news
update we'll see you next time